One employee, one Roblox cheat script,
one download. Two months later, hackers
are auctioning Vercel's source code on a
public forum for $2 million. And as
proof, they dropped 580 Vercel employee
records, including names, account
status, a screenshot of what looks like
Vercel's internal enterprise dashboard,
access to NPM tokens, GitHub tokens,
etc. And this all happened because one
employee at a company or startup called
context.ai, over here, downloaded Roblox
auto farm script on their work laptop.
So, what happened? How did one download
on one machine turn into Vercel's source
code getting auctioned off? And who is
the person, the hacker doing the
selling? So, today I'm going to break
down the full chain, how one bad click
led to this $2 million hack in only two
months. And if you want deep dives like
this on breaking AI news, hit like, hit
subscribe, and hit the bell. Okay, so on
February 26th, a context.ai employee
with privileged access to their
company's stack opened a browser, and
they were just searching for Roblox auto
farm scripts, basically a way to cheat
in Roblox. Uh they found one, they
installed it, but unwittingly, they also
installed Luma stealer bundled with a
script. Okay, this is the Wikipedia
overview page about it. It runs uh once
on install, and then it scrapes
everything that your browser knows. So,
if your browser has any saved passwords,
all the session cookies, if you use the
auto fill form fields and stuff, Luma
stealer will basically grab all of that.
So, it walked away with the employees'
Google Workspace credentials, Superbase
keys, and admin accounts for context.ai,
etc. And this wasn't a senior engineer
at an enterprise company getting fished,
right? This wasn't spear fishing. Uh
this employee was trying to dominate a
Roblox server and cheat, and then
accidentally downloaded something that
came with an infostealer. So,
downloading a Roblox cheat on a work
laptop is like propping the back door of
bank vault open so that you can sneak
snacks in. are you even doing this in
the first place? Um so, everything looks
fine, like nobody noticed, right? But
Hudson Rock, over here, the cybercrime
intelligence firm who broke this link,
found something totally crazy. So,
context.ai has exactly one infostealer
infection on record in their entire
history. It was just this one employee 1
month before the Vercel breach. So, we
have one infection, 1 month, one crack
in the door. However, the Luma stealer
isn't just some random virus. Uh it's an
actual business. And if you want to
understand why this keeps happening to
relatively smart employees at tech
companies, you need to understand the
business itself. So, Luma stealer has a
name, it has an author. They wrote it in
C++ and assembly, and it's been sitting
on cybercrime forums since 2022.
It's called malware as a service. Uh
it's basically an infostealer you rent,
and affiliates run the distribution.
Like, they run phishing emails, fake
Google ads posing as legit software,
compromised websites, and the technique
everyone underestimates are fake capture
pages, where sites ask you to verify
you're human by pasting a command into
the Windows run box. So, when you paste
something like that, you can
accidentally infect your computer. Now,
unfortunately, once Luma stealer lands
on your machine, you don't even know.
It's very patient. It waits until your
mouse moves like a human is using it,
and it uses different processes to wear
the skin of a program Windows trusts.
Right? So, it's bypassing WinAPI
entirely and talking to the kernel with
direct system calls. So, most security
tools just miss it. Like, they don't
notice. Then, it takes all of the
information it can get, like everything
through your browser, anything you have
saved, even crypto wallets, chat apps,
user files, it sends it all back to
control servers with Telegram and
Dropbox and Steam as fallback channels
if the main servers go dark. So, over a
2-month window in early 2025, Microsoft
counted over almost 400,000 infected
computers. Not in total, but just in
that 60-day window. Almost 400,000
infected. And right after that,
Microsoft led a global takedown. They
seized almost 2,000, 2,500 domains tied
to Luma in a single operation. They
called it a win, and you know, Luma's
reputation took a hit, but just weeks
later, activity resurged again.
Now, most security tools treat
infostealers like spam, like background
noise, not a supply chain attack weapon.
But this is exactly the assumption that
made everything go wrong here. Um the
context.ai's employee downloaded the
Roblox cheats, and it became a supply
chain problem, uh Vercel-sized problem.
So, that one cheating script went on one
laptop, and two months later, just from
that, hackers are selling Vercel's
company source code. So, Vercel's
updated security advisory names the
cause in one sentence. They said, "The
compromise of a third-party AI tool's
Google Workspace OAuth application."
That's the back door. And here's what
Hudson Rock found when they pulled the
infected machine's data apart. Um so,
the OAuth client's ID is for a
context.ai
branded Google Workspace app. Uh it was
sitting right there in the compromised
employee's browser auto fill fields. A
full string is actually in this article
that I have open here. And basically,
anyone with a Google admin access can
look it up against your own Workspace in
60 seconds. And in fact, uh if you
scroll down to the bottom here, there
are recommendations to do that here in
step-by-step security audits. So,
basically, this OAuth app had delegated
access to Google Workspace data. So,
when the employee's credentials went
into Luma, so did the app's access. Now,
Luma has access to it, too. And the same
employee was a core member of the
context Inc. Vercel team. So, their
browser history shows you exactly where
the hackers uh walked in next. They had
three URLs inside of a Vercel project
called Valinor, okay? And if you read
the hackers' forum post, let me pull it
up here. Yeah. Let me zoom in here.
Now, if you read the hackers' forum
post, they're actually selling access
keys, source code, database data,
multiple employee accounts with access
to several internal deployments, NPM
tokens, GitHub tokens. They used a
linear ticket data as proof. Okay, they
posted a screenshot of an internal
Vercel enterprise dashboard. And
Bleeping Computer, over here, says they
were unable to un- independently confirm
the screenshot. Okay, but the hackers
are saying, "Give us $2 million to make
it go away." And this hacker is actually
running two plays at once. They're
publicly selling it on this forum so
that anyone can get access, or the
highest bidder can get access. And
privately, they're asking Vercel to pay
a ransom so the access doesn't stay in
the market. So, pay us, or we keep
selling this publicly. Now, the hacker
claims to be ShinyHunters, which is a
known extortion crew, but other
ShinyHunters-linked
actors told Bleeping Computer, over
here, that they have no involvement. So,
we don't really know who's doing this.
But does it matter exactly who's doing
the selling? I mean, if uh your source
code for a multi-billion-dollar company
is up for sale, uh doesn't uh you just
want to do whatever it takes to get it
down. So, Vercel's own advice to
customers uh was issued earlier today.
So, review your environment variables,
use sensitive environment variable
features, and rotate your secrets, which
is all just best practice, okay? Um in
addition to that, obviously, audit your
Google Workspace OAuth apps. So,
infostealers here are some nice
recommendations. So, you just open admin
console, go to security, uh check out
third-party app access, okay? And then
that you can see the client's ID here.
This is the malicious client's ID tied
to this particular hack. So, search for
it in your access apps list, and then if
it's in there, you want to revoke it.
Also, look at every other OAuth app that
you've authorized, right? Like, if you
don't know what it does, or why it has
access, or you don't need it anymore,
just revoke it. You know, that's how you
stay safe. Number two, treat every
third-party AI tool as a potential back
door. So, if you authorize a tool to
touch Google Workspace, Slack, GitHub,
anything with your production keys, just
make sure that it's secure. If any of
those are breached, you know, you can be
In fact, you can be impacted. So, you
just want to be careful.
So, every OAuth app you're authorizing
is a potential back door. So, just make
sure you're like regularly monitoring
them and cleaning them up. And tip
number three is just to rotate your
secrets on a schedule, right? API keys,
NPM tokens, GitHub tokens, any sensitive
environment variables. So, just make
sure you do that on a regular basis. If
you want more news breakdowns like this,
hit subscribe, hit the notification
bell. See you in the next one.